>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
let's take a look at the exercise.
Yeah, Mark.
>> Mark: So
these hashing functions could
give the same values even for
different key values?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
So that's actually probably
a good point to bring up.
Let's just quickly just show
you what we mean there.
So I'm gonna have some array of,
let's just say 5 for
sake of brevity.
>> Brian Holt: So
what's cool about hashing functions
is that the item that you're
trying to store in this particular
array is also the key, right?
So it's the key of what's getting put in
there, because you put the string into
the hashing function,
it gives you back the index.
Now in this particular case,
my index is only 5 long, right?
So if it gives me a hash back of 13,
right,
I'm outside of the array and
it's no longer useful, right?
So what we're gonna do is we're basically
going to run it through some of
the hashing function.
Let's say it gives me back 13, but
then I'm just gonna run modulus,
modulo, whatever you want to
call that percentage sign.
[LAUGH] Whatever the length
of the array is.
This is actually gonna give me back 3,
which is going to be inside of that.
Now if you're not familiar
with this operator,
it's available in just about
every programming language.
It's extremely important.
But if you remember doing
long division in school,
you would say that this is
two remainder three, right?
If you were doing 13 divided by
5 what modulus does is it just
ignores the integer division part of it,
the first part of it, and
gets you just the remainder back, right?
So that way if run the modulus 5
through it you're always gonna get
something inside of your array.
Hopefully I answered
that person's question.